Connector examples (#78)
confluentinc/confluent-kubernetes-examples: connector/datagen-source-connector/README.md

# DataGen Source Connector

> In this example, you'll setup a Confluent Platform with installing DataGen source connector plugin in Connect cluster and managing DataGen connectors declaratively. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you'll setup a Confluent Platform with Connect, and install and manage the DataGen source connector plugin through the declarative `Connector` CRD.
```

> Note:: only deploy zookeeper, kafka and connect for this example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Here you'll only deploy Zookeeper, Kafka and Connect
```
